Migration Guide from Dev-Prod to CI/CD (#1351)
demisto/content-docs: content-repo/extra-docs/packs/content-management.md

    Yes, that is supported.

## Migration Guide from Dev-Prod to CI/CD

> This guide will help you migrate from the Dev-Prod environment to the CI/CD environment. In the process, you will need to download all your custom content from the Prod environment and also to delete some types of content from the Prod environment, to avoid conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will help you migrate from the Dev-Prod environment to the CI/CD environment. In the process, you will need to download all your custom content from the Prod environment and also to delete some types of content from the Prod environment to avoid conflicts.
```

> 1. **Download by the `demisto-sdk` the custom content from the Prod environment.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the `demisto-sdk` to download the custom content from the Prod environment.
```

   Run `demisto-sdk download` with the following flags:
    - `-a` - to download all the custom content.
    - `-o <output_path>` - to specify the output path.
    - (Optional) `--init` - to create a directory structure for the content.
    - (Optional) `--run-format` - to format the code.

   For example: 

   `demisto-sdk download -a -o /Users/user/CustomContent --init --run-format`

   Follow the on-screen instructions by typing the name of the content pack, metadata, description, type of pack, category, author, email address, tags, integration, etc.

>    This will create a new folder named *Packs* (if not already exists), and inside it, a folder with the name of the pack you specified. Inside the pack folder, you will find the all content items you downloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This will create a new folder named *Packs* (if it does not already exist), and inside it, a folder with the name of the pack you specified. Inside the pack folder, you will find the all content items you downloaded.
```

   **NOTE:** Make sure that all your content items are downloaded.

> 2. **Run the `Delete Custom Content` playbook, to delete some of the content items.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the **Delete Custom Content** playbook, to delete some of the content items.
```

>    We need to delete some types of content items to be able to upload the content via the CI/CD process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You need to delete the following types of content items to be able to upload the content via the CI/CD process:
```

>    The following content items need to be deleted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

   Playbooks, Scripts, Layouts, Classifiers, Mappers, Incident Types and Incident Fields.

   Inputs:

>    The playbook has one input: `dry_run`, which is a boolean. If set to `true`, the playbook will only print the content items that will be deleted. If set to `false`, the playbook will delete the content items. by default, the input is set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The playbook has one input: `dry_run`, which is a Boolean. If set to `true`, the playbook will only print the content items that will be deleted. If set to `false`, the playbook will delete the content items. By default, the input is set to `true`.
```

>    To run the playbook, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To run the playbook:
```

>     - In Cortex XSOAR platform, go to **Incidents**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. In the Cortex XSOAR platform, go to **Incidents**.
```

>     - Click **New Incident**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Click **New Incident**.
```

>     - Enter a name for the incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Enter a name for the incident.
```

>     -  From the Playbook drop down list, choose **Delete Custom Content**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.  From the Playbook drop down list, choose **Delete Custom Content**.
```

>     - Click **Create New Incident** to run the playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5.  Click **Create New Incident** to run the playbook.
```

>     - Go into the incident to the **Work Plan** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    6. Go into the incident to the **Work Plan** tab.
```

>     - In the **Results** section of the **Delete Content** task, you will see the content items that will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    7. In the **Results** section of the **Delete Content** task, you will see the content items that will be deleted.
```

>     - **IMPORTANT:** Make sure that the content items that will be deleted are downloaded in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

       **IMPORTANT:** Make sure that the content items that will be deleted are downloaded in the previous step.
```

>     - Change the `dry_run` input to `false` and run the playbook again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    8. Change the *dry_run* input to `false` and run the playbook again.
```

> 3. (Optional) Add **Server Configuration** only if you have custom Integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. (Optional) Add a **Server Configuration** only if you have custom Integrations.
```

>    - In Cortex XSOAR platform, go to **Settings** > **About** > **Troubleshooting**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. In the Cortex XSOAR platform, go to **Settings** > **About** > **Troubleshooting**.
```

>    - Click **Add Server Configuration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Click **Add Server Configuration**.
```

>    - In the **Key** field, enter `allow.name.override.propagation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. In the **Key** field, enter `allow.name.override.propagation`.
```

>    - In the **Value** field, enter `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. In the **Value** field, enter `true`.
```

>    - Click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. Click **Save**.
```

> 4. Now you can use the **CI/CD process** to upload the content to the Cortex XSOAR platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can use the **CI/CD process** to upload the content to the Cortex XSOAR platform.
```
